It's the other way around.
Before the rebellion
Heaven is unbearable
Such traitors are not excluded
Where is the prestige of my country?
Mortal take him down for me
The princess of Shangguoshe has sacred dignity
Inviolable
Must be severely punished
Princess Changle is golden branches and jade leaves
The emperor is precious
Like the sun in the sky
No jealousy
Ye Linghan kneel down and die
Kneel down and die
Look who dares, they can't touch me
Open your eyes.
What is this?
Make a fool of yourself
I don't care what this is
If I don't kill you today
My princess, just don't make trouble
This desire is called Fengming Jade
It was the focus of the country personally bestowed by the king back then
Represents the ultimate grace
Extreme dignity and status
Those who hold this desire
No matter if you are Wang Zongqing
Or Sangong Jiuqing
Bend your knees for me